---
layout: post
title: "Is Apple Pay, Coin, etc. Helpful?"
date: "2015-07-19 11:21"
---

Are "card consolidators" like [Apple Pay](http://www.apple.com/apple-pay/), [Coin](https://onlycoin.com/), etc. useful? I would say it depends, it really depends on where you shop and if you are ok still bringing a backup card. I have been using both Apple Pay and Coin for the last few months interchangebly when I can. I know the field is still yound and has a long way to go however the support really makes it tough to justify. As well as when I first ordered my coin over 2 years ago I had probably more like 5-8 cards possible in my wallet now I have 2 payment cards on average. 
So far I think that the goal of consolidating your cards into once device seems like it is definitely attainable eventually. However I don't believe any of the available options have made it there yet. To me to consider them there they will need to be in the neighborhood of 98% plus payment processor adoption. So both when you try to add a card and you try to pay you do not have to switch to another card.
I love it when technology makes things easier and this would definitely be an area I'd like to see improvement in. However rightfully so the payment processors are slow to adopt these new technologies. I personally build software for a living and honestly the hardest thing I've ever encountered is working with payments since there is so much that can go wrong. The payment can fail, succeed, half authorize, considered fraud, etc. Which there is a large amount of edge cases as well as laws you will need to deal with.
Which brings me to my final point security. I do not feel like adds less security than Apple Pay does. Coin primarily adds security in the case you forget or loose the card. It will remind you of you leave it behind and will also lock if you are not around. With apple pay it handles all of that a little different you still get the loss security that is built into the devices. However it does not actually use your credit card number but a reference to your card. So each payment is unique and makes it unusable even if you have the information. Which almost makes me feel more safe than the chip cards in the security realm.
I think if you are interested in tech or specifically the "Internet of Things" they are both definitely worth a look. Even if they are still in a young stage they are still ready for every day use. As well as the only way they will get better is by failing and iterating. Just like anything these things will take time but they will be worth it. 
