---
author_name: "Andrew Aziz"
link: "https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/3805018995?utm_medium=api&utm_source=rss"
image_url: "https://i.gr-assets.com/images/S/compressed.photo.goodreads.com/books/1611774297l/56860329._SY75_.jpg"
small_image_url: "https://i.gr-assets.com/images/S/compressed.photo.goodreads.com/books/1611774297l/56860329._SY75_.jpg"
medium_image_url: "https://i.gr-assets.com/images/S/compressed.photo.goodreads.com/books/1611774297l/56860329._SX98_.jpg"
large_image_url: "https://i.gr-assets.com/images/S/compressed.photo.goodreads.com/books/1611774297l/56860329._SY475_.jpg"
slug: "how-to-day-trade-for-a-living-a-beginners-guide-to-trading-tools-and-tactics-money-management-discipline-and-trading-psychology-stock-market-trading-and-investing-book-1"
date: "Fri, 19 Feb 2021 00:32:09 -0800"
group: "read"
title: "How to Day Trade for a Living: A Beginner’s Guide to Trading Tools and Tactics, Money Management, Discipline and Trading Psychology (Stock Market Trading and Investing Book 1)"
collectionName: "books"
---
Very few careers can offer you the freedom, flexibility and income that day trading does. As a day trader, you can live and work anywhere in the world. You can decide when to work and when not to work. You only answer to yourself. That is the life of the successful day trader. Many people aspire to it, but very few succeed. Day trading is not gambling or an online poker game. To be successful at day trading you need the right tools and you need to be motivated, to work hard, and to persevere.At the beginning of my trading career, a pharmaceutical company announced some positive results for one of its drugs and its stock jumped from $1 to over $55 in just two days. Two days! I was a beginner at the time. I was the amateur. I purchased 1,000 shares at $4 and sold them at over $10. On my very first beginner trade, I made $6,000 in a matter of minutes.It was pure luck. I honestly had no idea what I was doing. Within a few weeks I had lost that entire $6,000 by making mistakes in other trades. I was lucky. My first stupid trade was my lucky one. Other people are not so lucky. For many, their first mistake is their last trade because in just a few minutes, in one simple trade, they lose all of the money they had worked so hard for. With their account at zero, they walk away from day trading.As a new day trader you should never lose sight of the fact that you are competing with professional traders on Wall Street and other experienced traders around the world who are very serious, highly equipped with advanced education and tools, and most importantly, committed to making money.In How to Day Trade for a Living, I will show you how you too can take control over your life and have success in day trading on the stock market. I love teaching. It's my passion. In this book, I use simple and easy to understand words to explain the strategies and concepts you need to know to launch yourself into day trading on the stock market. This book is definitely NOT a difficult, technical, hard to understand, complicated and complex guide to the stock market. It's concise. It's practical. It's written for everyone. You can learn how to beat Wall Street at its own game.